All right.
I just realized why we did this.
We, we, we got the page
at the page level and not inside of the pagination, as soon
as we also need the current page inside of our products.
And it's easier just to grab it out
of the writer once and then parse it and pass it
in then to use rotaries, rotaries rotaries overtime.
I don't, I don't think there's any performance issue there.
You could do it either way
but it's nice to have the current page being accessed once
because for whatever reason, if you wanted to override it
you simply could with this variable.
So we need to now go into this products here.
Let's just close everything else.
We go into our products here and we need to
modify this query to not give us all the products
but we want to get the first four products or two products
and then we also need to offset them based
on which page we currently are on.
So let's take that page here
and we'll pass the page to our products,
and then we'll go over to our products query here
and we need to first make it accept some variables.
So we need to take in a skip variable
that is going to be an integer
that defaults to zero and the skip variable is gonna be
how many should I skip?
So if I've got one, two, three, four, five, six, seven
eight, nine, 10 products, and we are doing two products
per page, we need to, if we're on page two
we need to skip the first two and get the second two.
Right? So the skip value is going to be calculated based
on what page we are on,
and then the other variable that we need to
pass is called first,
and that will tell us, give me the first two, four, six
how many per page do we need to pass?
So they're called skipping first here.
We're, we're calling them per page.
So that is a type of integer,
and we
won't
set a default there just
*cause we are importing it.
Then now that we've defined this query
to take in arguments
we need to pass it to our actual GraphQL function
which is all products we say the first is the first variable
and the skip is the skip variable that gets passed in.
Then we'll go down to where we've used
our products query right here, use query
and we need to pass a couple of variables.
So the second argument of use query is options.
And inside of that, we can pass our variables
and the two variables that we need to pass are skip,
and first. So the skip value is going to be calculated
by the current page that we are on,
so we have to destructure that page
because remember we passed it in right here.
So we accept it as a prop or an argument of our page.
So skip is equal to page
and then we multiply that by per page.
So that value needs to be imported from our config file,
and then we also need to subtract per page
because we want the lower end of it.
We don't want the upper end of it.
And then the first is simply just going to be per, per page.
How many per page?
So
got go put a comma there.
All right.
Some broke.
Let's let's take a look here.
Our products dot JS is undefined undefined true,
loading,
had to give it old and old refresh.
Okay. So it looks like it's, it's being piped in.
Now, if I go to the next page, here we go.
Look at that.
You see how the first time, if you refresh
and then press next, you see how it takes a second
because it has to fetch them and bring them in.
But then if I go back
those items are in the cache of Apollo.
So then it's nice and fast.
That's the beauty of having the Apollo cache, is
that if there's data that the user has already served too
you don't need to hit the network again, to get it.
You can simply just serve it up right from the cache.
And that will be the topic of the next video.
What do you do with the items in the cache
so that they reflect what's actually on the server?